So in the next exercise,
we're gonna actually dig into that.
And after we've completed these exercises,
we will have a moment to discuss
all of these great questions
about performance and
about problems that you might run into
when you're working with large data.
So the next exercise that
we're going to do is in
a notebook exercise
iteration versus recursion,
which you can also again find in that
functional JavaScript first steps.
Outline right here,
exercise iteration versus recursion.
And it's also in this collection page,
the functional JavaScript first steps,
exercise iteration versus recursion.
And so
the exercises in here are all described.
What we're gonna do is we're going to keep
in mind what we know about a recursive
function and how to write one.
And then we're gonna do
is compare iteration and
recursion in terms of readability.
So I got some code for
you to read and think about here.
Right ability.
So we're gonna actually
implement some functions and
then we're gonna think about performance.
So I've got a couple of these exercises
that are gonna really help us think about
these different, the different mini
paradigms for doing this repetition.
In the right ability exercise,
you are going to write your own
implementation of a function.
And so really quick I just wanna let
you know a couple of things about how
observable works.
Because that's gonna allow you to do this
coding exercise, right in your browser,
in this notebook.
Again, you do not need
an observable account, to do this.
However, if you would like to
save your work, and save your,
functions that you're about to write
here today, you definitely can,
by signing up for observable and
forking, this notebook.
And when you do that,
it will be saved in your own account.
Otherwise, whenever you reload this page,
you're going to lose whatever
edits you had made to these cells.
So just keep that in mind.
So the way observable works is when
I write some JavaScript in one of
these things called a cell.
I am going to get a little
blue play button,
is the little play button
on the right is gonna
show up blue, whenever I've made edits.
And once I'm happy with
the edits that I've made,
whoops, I'm going to
hit that blue button or
I can also use the keyboard shortcut Shift
Enter to run the code that I've entered.
So that is what is going to then.
Through the magic,
the functional reactive magic of
observable is going to update the rest of
my notebook with the new version of
the function that I've implemented.
And once I've implemented this,
function successfully I should see all of
these little Winkey faces turn to party
popper emojis to know that I'm
getting the correct outputs.
And if I do something wrong,
like bad syntax, I'll see some errors.
And you might see other errors pop up,
because this function is no
longer able to be called.
But don't worry, you can always Ctrl or
Command Z to go back,
Shift Enter to re evaluate, or
to rerun this little cell,
this little function code.
And the rest of the notebook
will update and
instantly if anybody runs into any
problems with using observable,
please don't hesitate to ask questions and
there is also a.
Little help button down here
with keyboard shortcuts that you
can take a look at,
if you forget is it shift enter or
control enter you can use that
little help menu to access that.
So that is just a little bit about the
environment that we're working in which
once again, is just really convenient
because we don't have to install anything.
We don't have to have
the right version of node.
We don't have to do any of that.
So that's why we're doing it this way.